last time on Sonic's chronicles I need
to get home
Mario you suck Luigi you suck up to
Mario Yoshi you're a beast I've been
around the world in the pouring rain
taken to a place where they know my name
but everyone knows me play a little
beyoglu shame play a little Jimmy la la
dang it I can't get through this stupid
Pike it's like something's blocking it
from the other side ah that's the last
time you would salt me you stupid
Hedgehog
now you can rot in that stupid mushroom
place ha huh
as much as I hate to do this the only
people who can help me now are those
idiotic plumbers listen guys this is
kind of awkward since I just insulted
you and ran off but I need your help on
clogging this one pipe oh I see how it
is it's all fun and games until someone
clocks at the toilet then it's time to
stop insulting Mario and ask for his
help
well guess what I've trained enough crap
today um it's not that kind of block
it's one of those dumb warp pipes that
you guys use I think something's
blocking in from the other side I don't
care what it is
can't you see we're busy fine whatever
hey Yoshi we're all out of eggs can you
go on to make some so we can egg
Bowser's Castle whoa hi there Yoshi long
time no see hi Yoshi
what what is it Wow Yoshi
that's one big egg shadow what are you
doing oh hi dr. Robotnik i clogged up
this pipe because sonic called me short
he's so mean egg shadow we worked on
this in therapy you can't let your
emotions get in the way of your work
anyway unlock that pipe
we need Sonic in this world so that my
new invention Metal Sonic extra large
can dispose of him once and for all I'll
finally crush that insolent little brat
into smithereens for all of the things
he's done and said to me he shall hey
remember shadow work on the emotion
thing okay Robotnik out
I guess I'll block the pipe now hey see
you shadow
thanks for the cushioning oh man that
shadow will ever alert Willy
ouch no son you ignore me how many times
do I have to tell that Eggman robots
just don't make good comebacks la la la
la who is it
I am shadow Shadow the Hedgehog I was
created 50 years ago by dr. Gerald
Robotnik as the ultimate life campaign
shut up and come in thanks
hello dr. Stein wait
you're not dr. Stein your tails um oh
there you are dr. Stein Oh Anna
hello again shadow nice to see you so
what's been bothering you lately let's
talk about it well it's Sonic again he
always hurts my feelings
okay okay Sonic let's talk about that
what a robot makes secret plans what
their enemies where is Robotnik's secret
lair located okay it's right behind that
one big mountain hey you never tell any
of this anyone do you
of course not shadow you can trust me
everything in here is between you and I
hey your medal looks like you hit your
growth spurt pal work hmm hey knuckles
feel like helping me what meadow Sonic's
ugly tush
um you see I've got this really
important
saying that I have to be at so I'm gonna
have to go with no good whoa aah
Richie Clank you guys we'll help you out
right oh my about that we're uh we're
pacifists yeah whoa Clank there's
another one I'm on it
I need help this guy's huge what was
Dale's telling me the other day
hey Sonic come over to my lab later
today I felt something really cool okay
first I'm gonna go for a run in Green
Hill Zone see ya maybe whatever tails
bill can help me out
Wow
pretty cool I think I'll take it for a
spin hey meadow it's been a long time
since I've seen you but I bet you're
still the same old pushover as always
hmm
so guys what do you think I saw the old
place in the Mushroom Kingdom
and bought this awesome new place in
Central City our new impenetrable
fortress
I hate you Sonic I don't they adieu
consider this your housewarming gift
what am i cows exploding no yard what
the heck just happened I don't know I
thought you were going to get what you
deserved my English trigger